<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en-US"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/common_1.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
            <h2>FILING INFORMATION RETURNS ELECTRONICALLY</h2>

            <h2>WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!</h2>

            <p>This computer system is owned and operated by the Government of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA. Unauthorized access of this system is a violation of Federal Statutes 18 USC 30. This system is for OFFICIAL USE ONLY and is subject to monitoring at all times. If you have reached this system in error, disconnect now! The activity of authorized users may also be monitored. If monitoring reveals evidence of criminal activity, systems personnel may provide the evidence to management and/or law enforcement officials.</p>

            <p>Test submissions are not accepted at this site. If you are trying to submit test submissions, go to <h:link outcome="index.xhtml">fire.test.irs.gov</h:link></p>

            <h2>FILL-IN FORMS</h2>

            <p>This system does not support fill-in forms, except for Form 8809, Application for Extension of Time to File Information Returns.  If you are trying to complete a fill-in form, go to www.irs.gov and locate a software company on the 'Approved IRS e-file for Business Providers' page.</p>
            <p>If you do not already have an account, click Create New Account to start setting up your new account.</p>
            <p>Otherwise, you can enter your assigned User ID and the password you have chosen to begin using this application.</p>
        </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
</html>